are bound to be some moments where the
word board can be heard around the house
but thankfully our Craig cannon may have
just to help fight those bored and blues
he shows us some families who are
anything but bored where'd I put for
bothering just 30 minutes from
springdale there's a zoo in Gentry
called the wild wilderness drive-through
safari we probably have over 100 species
of different animals primates have stock
Birds a big variety Lisa's parents
started the Safari about 50 years ago
the monkeys maybe probably be one of my
favorites this is Kiwi that I've hand
raised she's a year and a half old she
is amazing she's very smart very spoiled
kind of like our kids you might be
surprised by what Kiwi eats it's
everything we do macaroni and cheese you
know biscuits and gravy was on your
pizza steak fish she loves Sonic cherry
limeades we always get extra cherries
we're open every day every day of the
year all 365 days reopen up at nine
o'clock it is a about a five acre walk
through and you can spend your time
walking just you know looking at the
animals a little more close up oh this
is awesome and the loving care of the
animals isn't just at the Safari hey JT
yeah they're called host families when
the baby animals life is at risk
families like the huff masters come to
the rescue they reserve his mom and he
wasn't get enough to eat then repeat him
that when he went back mom died ate
everything up so he needs some TLC so I
became foster mom she brought it home
and that thing was so frail and we
didn't really expect a time to survive
but now Oh dinky is full of energy Norma
grills family is another host family but
trying to interview her when there was a
mere near bahay was interesting she
likes doing into mirrors her mom Pam leg
will says taking care of the tiny baboon
is worth the trouble see little more
demanding you know but she's just makes
the kids happy you bust a little baboon
home and kids fell in love with her and
she just gives him that extra you know
she's fun like said she runs around to
play these sheets all their little
treats with them and so let go test her
there's nothing like a little kid get
these little ones together this is not
that kind of you don't is it
and you've got a party I'm no one these
days think he's gonna have to go back
down into the spy I will miss this
little fella I won't cry cuz he's seen
like my little fella you know I he
needed me I think I needed him for lil
wall that was Craig cannon with that
report by the way Gentry is just north
of Siloam Springs admission to the
safari for kids is seven dollars a piece
13 and up it's just a dollar more per
person and we've linked their website
two hours so if you'd like more
information just look under as seen on
4029 and coming